Blowfish bindings for lua.

LICENSE:

This lib uses part of the code coming from the nettle library
which is lgpl'd. I think that means this must be LGPL'd as well.

Anyway, this lib is released under LGPL, which means
	You need to release the source if you make derivative work...
	basically if you use the source for anything, that thing must be
	released under LGPL

	If you use this ("bf = require 'blowfish'"), it is not derivative
	work, you're just making use of the library and that doesn't mean
	that code must be LGPL'd or GPL'd or free software or even open source.
	(If you're wondering "but I have to distribute sources for a person
	to be able to run lua scripts", google luac)

You SHOULD read the LGPL anyway, including that famous disclaimer.

The LGPL is available at 'LICENSE'.

BUILDING:

This is atm using lua5.1 library. It should* work with newer versions.
It expects lua's headers to be in a folder called "lua5.1".

I could be using luarocks and everything would be handled by it and
everything would work properly and life would be beautiful.
But neither do I care nor do I know how to use that, so, just "make"
and move whatever's on ./build to lua library binary folder.

I also don't care enough about windows even to remember it doesn't really
have make support. So yeah, there's that. Luarocks would probably compile
everything properly.

Really, tho, why are you even using Windows?

Anyway, if you do know how luarocks works, please do send a pull request
with that rockspeck thingamajig.

oh, yeah, and btw, I assume you're using gcc... should work with clang, tho.

CONTRIBUTING:

I don't really care how you like to code, the only thing I do care is
TABS ARE TABS. Not spaces, tabs, \t, got it? Ok, :D

DOCUMENTATION:

There's an example in the examples folder and cool ldoc documentation in
the doc folder. Just open index.html and everything should be clear.
I tried my best to have cool documentation and I think that's the only
thing I didn't screw up. Well I hope I haven't.
